Joe Rogan Podcast, check it out! The Joe Rogan Experience. Showing my day, Joe Rogan Podcast, my night, all day! What's up, man? How are you? Pleasure to meet you, sir. Pleasure to be here. Thanks, Joe. I really enjoy your content online. It's been really fascinating. So I've been doing a deep dive into a lot of your videos over the last few days, and enjoying the hell out of it, and particularly enjoying... I wanted to talk to you about so many different things, but one of the most pressing things, one of the reasons why I wanted to bring you in, because you are very knowledgeable in all things space, is the James Webb Telescope, and all the different stuff that they've been finding, particularly about these galaxies that were formed very shortly after the... not shortly, you know, not within our lifetime shortly, but cosmologically shortly after the Big Bang, that it seems like we have to figure out why these things are forming. Is the universe older? There's all this different kind of speculation. Maybe the Big Bang is not 13 point whatever billion years old, but maybe 22, 24. Like, what is your take on all this? Yeah, the James Webb Space Telescope is such an incredible instrument. The data has just blown us away. You know, when you build this thing, when you look at it unfolding in space, you think there's so many ways it could go wrong, that we all were just like, you know... I think it was 215 moving parts or something had to unfold. So, you know, just the fact that it... In space. Yeah. The fact it just all worked was just remarkable. Right. And then when we got those first images, they just kind of blew us away as well, because we had sort of these engineering expectations of what it would do, but the data was just even better than that. So when it, you know, of course the first thing you want to do is point it to the most distant part of the universe and see what's out there, and those darkest patches. And so when it did that, yeah, it started finding a couple of things. It started finding quasars, which is kind of the center of these very active galaxies. These are supermassive black holes that have loads of crap falling in, and they're spewing out all this energy. They're kind of feeding supermassive black holes. And so we started detecting those way earlier than we thought the universe should be able to build them. Because to make a supermassive black hole, I mean, these things are like 100 million solar masses. Imagine that, 100 million suns have not only been born but died, gone through their entire life cycle, died, collapsed into a black hole, and then those black holes have presumably somehow merged together into this super behemoth of this 100 million solar mass thing. So we're finding those just, you know, 300 million years after the Big Bang. And that was like, hold on, that doesn't make any sense. Like, how can this be? And similarly with the galaxies, we were seeing these images, these galaxies, and you can date roughly how old they should be based off the redshift. So, you know, the universe is expanding. So therefore if something is very far away from us and the universe is expanding, it's like it's stretched more and more and more as it journeys over space. And so we can use that redshift to kind of,